# Project 9: L'Oréal Routine Builder
L’Oréal is expanding what’s possible with AI, and now your chatbot is getting smarter. This week, you’ll upgrade it into a product-aware routine builder. 

Users will be able to browse real L’Oréal brand products, select the ones they want, and generate a personalized routine using AI. They can also ask follow-up questions about their routine—just like chatting with a real advisor.

This project uses basic Javascript to access a Cloudflare worker which links to an Open AI API. The core functionality of this AI connection is to allow a user to select from a broad array of L'Oreal products and ask questions, get recommendations, and build a short routine involving all of the products the user selected. The system achieves this by reading the list of all possible products in the "products.json" file, then displaying a corresponding name, image, and description for the product on the front-facing webpage. The user can select any of these corresponding components to add it to a list, which is read by the system and saved until the user removes them. 
The AI component is called by a button asking for recommendations, or it can be called by the user submitting a question in a text chat. The Cloudflare worker receives the list of products and the question asked- the recommendation is also like a question, just with a simple preset "generate routine using these products" request, and sends the list and request to the Open AI API, which generates a response and passes that back to the webpage, which displays the answer in full in the chat box. The user can ask more questions related to these products and receive personalized answers which are remembered by the AI, allowing for a natural back and forth conversation with virtually any L'Oreal question answered.
The AI has a simple instruction not to answer questions unrelated to L'Oreal products and routines, and will try to steer the player back to the topic at hand.